Misc review fixes (#4801)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/vectorgeometry.rst

Smooth
------
Smooths the geometries in a line or polygon layer by

> adding more **vertices and corners** to the features geometries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adding more **vertices and corners** to the feature geometries.
```

   * - **Split**
     - ``OUTPUT``
     - [vector: line]

>      - The new line vector layer - Features have geometries that have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The new line vector layer - the length of the feature geometries
```

>        length that is less than or equal to the length specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       is less than or equal to the length specified in
```
